Real work already has context behind it.
It may live in calendars, messages, emails, documents, dashboards, spreadsheets, trackers, decks, or discussion history.
The task brief should point to the materials that can actually change the result.
Do not paste everything.
Build a source map.
For each source, state what it contains, why it matters, how current it is, and whether it is authoritative, supporting, or only background.
Put primary inputs first.
A signed requirement beats a chat summary.
A current dashboard beats last quarter's screenshot.
A repository file beats a copied snippet when implementation details matter.
The agent should know which source wins when two items disagree.
Label uncertainty instead of hiding it.
Mark assumptions, missing records, stale numbers, and facts that still require confirmation.
This lets the first version separate evidence from inference rather than smoothing both into one confident story.
For a weekly operating brief, the source package might include the current project tracker, meeting decisions, incident notes, and the calendar for upcoming deadlines.
It does not need every historical message the team has ever sent.
The common failure is context dumping.
A long attachment list can bury the signal, create contradictions, and waste review time.
Include a source only when it informs a claim, a constraint, a decision, or a required output.
First, provide the materials that can change the artifact.
Second, identify which sources are current and authoritative.
Third, label missing facts and uncertainty instead of letting the agent guess.